Comment out ellipsis in code blocks, part 2 (#18249)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/building_blocks/build_your_own_function/index.md

    btn.addEventListener('click', displayMessage);
    ```

>     In a similar way to our `closeBtn.addEventListener…` line inside the function, here we are calling some code in response to a button being clicked. But in this case, instead of calling an anonymous function containing some code, we are calling our `displayMessage()` function by name.

Reviewer: `closeBtn.addEventListener()` ?

Author: The close button event handler registration is not a single line code(it's wrapped for me). Also, it's way back in the document to rope in the exact line.

How about this?
```suggestion
    In a similar way to our closeBtn's click event handler, here we are calling some code in response to a button being clicked. But in this case, instead of calling an anonymous function containing some code, we are calling our `displayMessage()` function by name.
```
